Hi I'm Ben Franklin and this is Jackass! *Flies a kite in a thunder storm


Maybe if you knew Garfield's parents were murdered on a monday by anti lasagna activists you wouldn't be so judgmental.


CrossFit is just Fight Club if the first two rules were the opposite.


I once dated an apostrophe. Too possessive.


Can you say your strengths? "Your strengths" No like what are they "My legs maybe" No, like for work "Oh lol sorry, idk prob communication"


When you’re cutting wrapping paper and your scissors start to glide is what I imagine heroin feels like.


GUY: What does it eat? ME: [falcon perched on shoulder] Updog *falcon starts break dancing* ME: Not yet Tyler, wait until he asks what it is


[ordering cake over phone] "and what would you like the cake to say?" [covers phone to ask wife] "do we want a talking cake?"


just relized stonehenge spells out the secrt message "n n n n n n n n n" but what does it mean. wat are they trying to say


Leaving my browser history open in case anyone in this coffee shop tries to steal my laptop when I'm in the bathroom.


NOT EVERYONE WAS KUNG FU FIGHTING, MOM. SOME OF US WERE TRYING TO BREAK IT UP.


Oh hi Becky who refused to kiss me during spin the bottle in 6th grade & now wants to play FarmVille, looks like tables have fucking turned


I wonder if Sallys parents were like "Yeah great idea Sally. Sell seashells. On the seashore. Where there are tons of free shells. Idiot."


Avoid unwanted pregnancies by using the "pull out" method where you pull out an acoustic guitar at a party & no one will have sex with you.


Take your husband’s last name. Take his first name. Take his social. Assume his identity. Hide the body in a closet. You’re the husband now.


[losing badly in a contest] guys its not a contest


[Down with the Sickness plays as I continue to push a pull door]


control this is uhh definitely one of the astronauts... umm... what would you do if a janitor got stuck on the shuttle somehow ......over.


seems like a TRULY crazy train wouldn't need to announce "all aboard"


If I was stuck on a desert island with only one record, I would want it to be the record for being able to swim the farthest.


i can't believe i have to keep washing this stupid body until i die


My body is a temple, but it's one of those temples in Thailand where they let monkeys shit all over the place


What do you mean I didn’t win I ate more wet t-shirts than anyone else


women wearing veils at their wedding arent fooling anybody. you invited us to this shit we know its you under there. cut the crap lady


I put the "baller" in "I just ruined my daughter's ballerina recital."


sick of these pseudo "hipsters" in their abercrombie & fitch shirts who probly can't even name one abercrombie & fitch album


barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was invented


Just got back from Fight Club. It was really fun! Got there late so missed the rules being read out but I'm sure it was nothing important.


Pick up artists and garbage men should switch names.


When parents say to kids "go to ur room & think about what you've done" it's really good practice for what you'll do every night as an adult


TEACHER: please take off your hat in class *I take off my hat revealing a slightly smaller hat* ME: I can do this 14 more times


thomas edison: i have an idea [a fucked up rough draft of the lightbulb appears above his head]